Readme update (#2619)
naturalcrit/homebrewery: README.md

First, install three programs that The Homebrewery requires to run and retrieve
updates:

> 1. install [node](https://nodejs.org/en/), any version is supported.

Reviewer: Not any version. Minimum v16

> 1. install [node](https://nodejs.org/en/), any version is supported.

Reviewer: Not any version. Minimum v16

    1. Go to the C:\ drive and create a folder called "data".
    1. Inside the "data" folder, create a new folder called "db".
    1. Open a command prompt or other terminal and navigate to your MongoDB install folder (C:\Program Files\Mongo\Server\6.0\bin).
    1. In the command prompt, run "mongod", which will start up your local database server.
    1. While MongoD is running, open a second command prompt and navigate to the MongoDB install folder.
    1. Search in Windows for "Advanced system settings" and open it.
    1. Click "Environment variables", find the "path" variable, and double-click to open it.
    1. Click "New" and paste in the path to the MongoDB "bin" folder.
    1. Click "OK" three times to close all the windows.
    1. In the second command prompt, run "mongo", which allows you to edit the database.
    1. Type `use homebrewery` to create The Homebrewery database. You should see `switched to db homebrewery`.
    1. Type `db.brews.insert({"title":"test"})` to create a blank document. You should see `WriteResult({ "nInserted" : 1 })`.

>     1. If you use any version older than 6.0, use `db.brews.insertOne({"title":"test"})` instead. You should see `{

Reviewer: `db.brews.insert()` works just fine in versions older than 6.0. I just tested it in 4.4. No need to add a unique instructions here for old versions. Unless you have found something that says otherwise.

Second, you will need to add the environment variable `NODE_ENV=local` to allow
the project to run locally.

> You can set this **temporarily** in your shell of choice with admin privileges:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set this **temporarily** (until you close the terminal) in your shell of choice with admin privileges:

```

You should now be able to go to [http://localhost:8000](http://localhost:8000)
in your browser and use The Homebrewery offline.

If you had any issue at all, here are some links that may be useful:

> - [Course](https://learn.mongodb.com/courses/m103-basic-cluster-administration) on cluster administration, in the mongodb web, useful for begginners

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Course](https://learn.mongodb.com/courses/m103-basic-cluster-administration) on cluster administration, useful for beginners

```

- [Mongo community forums](https://www.mongodb.com/community/forums/)

> - After mongodb 6.0, which i reccomend, to run mongo commands, users will have to install MongoDB Shell [from this link](https://www.mongodb.com/try/download/shell).

Reviewer: Remove this line. You already mention to install `mongosh` in the steps above.
